Updating Demystifying Istio's Sidecar Injection Model Page (#4562)
istio/istio.io: content/blog/2019/data-plane-setup/index.md

istio-sidecar-injector   ClusterIP   10.102.70.184   <none>        443/TCP             24d
{{< /text >}}

This configuration ultimately does pretty much the same as we saw in manual injection. Just that it is done automatically during pod creation, so you won’t see the change in the deployment. You need to use `kubectl describe` to see the sidecar proxy and the init proxy. 

> The automatic sidecar injection not only depends on the webhoook's namespaceSelector mechanism but also on the default injection policy and the per-pod override annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automatic sidecar injection not only depends on the `namespaceSelector` mechanism of the webhook, but also on the default injection policy and the per-pod override annotation.
```

Reviewer: ^^^ My suggestion for avoiding the spelling errors
